bpo-38657: Clarify numeric padding behaviour in string formatting (#17036)
python/cpython: Doc/library/string.rst

.. versionchanged:: 3.6
   Added the ``'_'`` option (see also :pep:`515`).

*width* is a decimal integer defining the minimum total field width,

> including any signs. If not specified, then the field width will be

Reviewer: Just to be as general as possible (this also needs to cover numeric-base prefixes, commas, underscores, periods, etc.): 

```suggestion
including any prefixes, separators, and other formatting characters. If not specified, then the field width will be
```
